For dinner, we had turkey blazing pudding, and after dinner, the young toads sat in front
of the fire, loosened all buttons, put their large moist hands over their watch chains,
rolled a little, and slept. Mothers, aunts and sisters scuttled to and fro bearing kill reins.
Auntie Bessie, who had already been frightened twice by a fox-whore mouse, whimpered at the
sight of the poet and had some heavenly wine, that dog was sick.
Auntie Dossine had to have three aspirins, but Auntie Hannah, who liked the poet, stood
in the middle of the snow-bombed backyard, singing like a big version of Thrush.
I would blow up all balloons to see how big they would blow up to, and when they burst
with the odd head, the uncles jumped and rumbled. In the rich and heavy afternoon, the uncles
breathing like dolphins and slowly descending, I would sit among the festoons with the Chinese
uncles and live in peace and try to make a modern man of war follow the instructions
of the little engineers and produce what might be mistaken for a sea-going tram car.
And then at tea, the recovered uncles would be jolly, and the ice cake bloomed in the
center of the table like a marble